Update Watchdog Insights for logs (#13419)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/explorer/watchdog_insights.md

      text: 'Accelerate your logs investigations with Watchdog Insights'
    - link: 'logs/explorer/side_panel'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'More information on the log side panel'
    - link: 'logs/explorer/#list-of-logs'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Learn more about Log Explorer'

---

## Overview

> Datadog Log Management offers Watchdog Insights to help you navigate to the root cause of problems with contextual insights in the Log Explorer. Watchdog Insights complement your expertise and instincts by recommending outliers and potential performance bottlenecks impacting a subset of users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog Log Management offers Watchdog Insights to help you solve incidents faster with contextual insights in the Log Explorer. Watchdog Insights complement your expertise and instincts by surfacing suspect anomalies and outliers and potential performance bottlenecks impacting a subset of users.
```

Every insight comes with embedded interactions and a side panel with troubleshooting information. The insight interactions and side panel vary based on the Watchdog Insight type.

## Insight Types

### Log Anomaly Detection

Ingested logs are analyzed at the intake level where Watchdog Insights perform aggregations on detected patterns as well as `environment`, `service`, `source` and `status` tags.
These aggregated logs are scanned for anomalous behaviors, such as the following:

- An emergence of logs with a warning or error status.
- A sudden increase of logs with a warning or error status.

The logs surface as Insights in the Log Explorer, matching the search context and any restrictions applied to your role.

{{< img src="logs/explorer/watchdog_insights/log-anomalies-light.mp4" alt="A user scrolling through the details of a specific insight" video="true">}}

Click on a specific insight to see the full description of the detected anomaly as well as the list of patterns contributing to it.

For more information about searching logs in the Log Explorer, see [Log Search Syntax][2] and [Custom Time Frames][3].

> ### Error outliers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Error Outliers
```
